# ASP.NET mini project

### Problem statement:

Management Information System of Blood Bank

The Management Information System (MIS) of Blood Bank keeps the name of the donor who is donating blood, a unique id through which the donor can view his account, a password for accessing the account, date of birth of the donor because his age must be in the range of 18- 60 years, gender status of the donor, blood group of the donor, weight of the donor, mobile no, email id, address, city, state and the date of last blood donation when a new blood donor registered himself as a blood donor. It provides the criteria of city wise and blood group wise search of the blood. After that when a search command is given then the MIS will return the donor name from its database. A person or a hospital can request the blood from the blood bank when they need. For this the blood bank keeps the name of the patient, a blood group which is needed, city in which the blood needed, name of the hospital where the blood will be sent, address of the hospital, name of the doctor who demands for blood, date and time when the blood will be required, contact name, contact email id, contact phone number, address, city, state of the person who needs the blood in their MIS

The MIS of electronic based blood donors (e-blood donors) keeps the name of the donor who is donating blood, a unique id through which the donor can view his account, password for accessing the account, date of birth of the donor, gender status of the donor, blood group of the donor, weight of the donor, photo, mobile no, email id, address, city, state, date of last blood donation when a new blood donor registered himself as a blood donor. In the system a user clicks on the link “Post your requirement” on the homepage and provides personal details like patient’s name, age, gender, hospital name, reason for requirement, required before date, IP no, hospital area, mobile number, country name, city name and the blood group name. Once done via the “Post your requirement” link, the user can send their request which will be saved in the system and an SMS is automatically sent to the donors registered with Ebloddonors.org in that locality. Registered donors will call those in need of blood. The system does not provide statistics on blood availability within blood banks, registered donors per area and does not link between hospitals and blood banks.